# Group#21: NinePlusTen

### Present:

Judy Liu, Alexander Berryhill-Williams, Jerry Guo, Tyler Holston, Thomas Garry, Lucas Bajoua

### Absent:

Usman Kadir, Jarrett Ratelle

### When and where:

May.02.2021, 2:00 - 2:30pm Sunday on Zoom

### Last time

- Discussed Plans for Pitch

### Action items for this week

- Go to discussion slightly early to verify

### Notes

- Everyone seems to have pitched in ! :D
- Curious about whether the extent of what we wrote was enough :O
- Lucas curious about rabbit holes with web dev
- Problem - Alex
- User Personas - Thomas
- Solution - Judy
- Rabbit holes (additional features, look at team 3 project pitch) - Tyler, Lucas

### Resources

- [miro](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lJdxiAU=/), password: NinePlusTen
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ozPYo9xDLUzF46TTTyFECs/NinePlusTen?node-id=29%3A0)
- [Group 4 Pitch](https://github.com/AlexisChen99/cse110-w21-group4/blob/main/specs/pitch/MVP%20Project%20Pitch.pdf)
- [Shape Up Book](https://basecamp.com/shapeup/shape-up.pdf)
- Tokify (are we allowed to use?)
