# Group#21: NinePlusTen

### Present: 
Alexander Berryhill-Williams, Tyler Holston, Thomas Garry, Lucas Bajoua, Jarrett Ratelle, Jerry Guo, Judy Liu

### Absent:

### When and where:
May.12.2021, 6:00 - 7:00pm Wednesday on Zoom

### Last time
- Discussion showing off exploratory programming

### Action items for this week
- Tomorrow at 9am.

### Notes
- Discussed where we are at.
- General confusion about CI/CD
- Questions about design - do we want giant label??
  
### Resources
- [miro](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lJdxiAU=/), password: NinePlusTen
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ozPYo9xDLUzF46TTTyFECs/NinePlusTen?node-id=29%3A0)
- [Group 4 Pitch](https://github.com/AlexisChen99/cse110-w21-group4/blob/main/specs/pitch/MVP%20Project%20Pitch.pdf)
- [JerryAudio](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DTeu0fCqwd32mrfJILiDyT8WtjWKaQgDq9T0JlL-BX0/edit)
