# Group#21: NinePlusTen

### Present: 
Alexander Berryhill-Williams, Thomas Garry,  Jarrett Ratelle, Jerry Guo, Judy Liu, Lucas Bajoua, Tyler Holston,

### Absent:


### When and where:
May.13.2021, 5:00 - 6:00pm Friday on Zoom

### Last time
- Talk about CI/CD

### Action items for this week
- Alex and Judy do the daily logs
- Jarrett --> Settings page
- Tyler --> Calendar, refine events
- thomas --> localstorage
- lucas --> Weekly

### Notes
- Alex and Lucas try to walk through CI/CD
- Lucas explains the process of merging
- Planning on finishing the walking skeleton sunday so by 7pm

  
### Resources
- [miro](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lJdxiAU=/), password: NinePlusTen
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ozPYo9xDLUzF46TTTyFECs/NinePlusTen?node-id=29%3A0)
- [Group 4 Pitch](https://github.com/AlexisChen99/cse110-w21-group4/blob/main/specs/pitch/MVP%20Project%20Pitch.pdf)
- [JerryAudio](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DTeu0fCqwd32mrfJILiDyT8WtjWKaQgDq9T0JlL-BX0/edit)
